1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    give meaning 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attribute provides more information to a tag  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag should be used only once, highlights main text of a page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor tag and image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <html></html>
    7. What is an id? a unique name for an element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once 
    10. What is a class? a named attribute for an element but can be used more than once 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all Elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?  as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    provieds alternet text if image cannot be loaded for example with slow connection
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is a large part and division is smaller parts of the large section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style your html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    i would use id for a section to be specific and a class for <p> </p> to style all font the same
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class_name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? to call a specific element with a class 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?Pseudo class selectors are CSS selectors with a colon preceding them.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?<div> element: border = dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm no prompt to make sure you want it deleted 
    34. Why should I use version control? best way to have access to mutiple version of a program  
    35. How often should I commit to github? every change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?You can't put block elements inside inline elements. Formatting. By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? box model 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default? nav,ol,li(block)  <A></A><var></var>(inline)
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 